README.md, before:

# Phramer

> This repository is under active development.

**Phramer** is an open-source library for extractive and abstractive text summarization. 

## Installation

1. Clone the project:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:phramer/phramer.git
    cd phramer
    ```

2. Please make sure that you run in a Docker container or a virtual environment and install the dependencies:
    ```bash
    python -m venv --no-site-packages .env
    . .env/bin/activate
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

    If you would like to contribute to the project, please install dev dependencies as well: 

    ```bash
    . .env/bin/activate
    pip install -r dev-requirements.txt
    ```

## Howto
Here is instruction how to create you own DVC project by yourself.

0. Make sure you destroy our DVC workspace in repository:
    ```bash
    dvc destroy
    ```

1. Create the DVC project:
    ```bash
    dvc init
    # git commit -m "Initialize DVC project"
    ```

2. Set up remote storage (similar to the way you use Git server to store and share your code):
    * Local Storage
        ```bash
        dvc remote add -d localremote /tmp/dvc-storage
        # flag -d makes it default storage
        ```
    * Google Cloud Storage
        1. Create account on [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) and go to the *Console*.
        2. Create new bucket (default setup will be okay).
        3. Go to *APIs & Services > Credentials* and make new service account key.
        4. Choose json key type, create and download it to your machine.
        5. Run 
            ```bash
            export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="[PATH]”
            ```
            where `[PATH]` is path to json file (e.g. `/home/user/Downloads/[FILE_NAME].json`)
        6. Make sure you have optional DVC deoendencies for Google Cloud Storage:
            ```bash
            pip install dvc[gs]
            ```
        7. Add Google Cloud bucket as your remote storage to the DVC:
            ```bash
            dvc remote add -d gs gs://yourbucket
            # your bucket url you can find in *Bucket details > Overview*
            # by clicking on your bucket
            ```

3. Part of our project use data from this [repo](https://github.com/RossiyaSegodnya/ria_news_dataset). To keep the data always fresh we will import it to our project using *import-url* command:
    ```bash
    dvc import-url https://github.com/RossiyaSegodnya/ria_news_dataset/raw/master/ria.json.gz
    ```

4. To add other data to DVC project run following command:
    ```bash
    dvc add data/data.xml
    # git add data/.gitignore data/data.xml.dvc
    # git commit -m "Add raw data to project"

Commit message:

enh: how to contribute and how to pull

README.md, after:

# Phramer

> This repository is under active development.

**Phramer** is an open-source library for extractive and abstractive text summarization. 

## Installation

1. Clone the project:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:phramer/phramer.git
    cd phramer
    ```

2. Please make sure that you run in a Docker container or a virtual environment and install the dependencies:
    ```bash
    python -m venv --no-site-packages .env
    . .env/bin/activate
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

    If you would like to contribute to the project, please install dev dependencies as well: 

    ```bash
    . .env/bin/activate
    pip install -r dev-requirements.txt
    ```

## Getting data from DVC
To get the data and reproduced models you should pull it from our dvc storage:
```bash
dvc pull
```

To get one specific file pull target dvc file:
```bash
dvc pull data.dvc
```

## How to contribute
To continue our work you should make your own DVC remote storage to store your data and models.
It may be local storage on you machine or any other cloud service (see [dvc docs](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/remote/add)).

Take a look to our instructions in `howto` section [here][remote_storage].

## Howto
Here is instruction how to create you own DVC project by yourself.

0. Make sure you destroy our DVC workspace in repository:
    ```bash
    dvc destroy
    ```

1. Create the DVC project:
    ```bash
    dvc init
    # git commit -m "Initialize DVC project"
    ```

[remote_storage]:
2. Set up remote storage (similar to the way you use Git server to store and share your code):
    * Local Storage
        ```bash
        dvc remote add -d localremote /tmp/dvc-storage
        # flag -d makes it default storage
        ```
    * Google Cloud Storage
        1. Create account on [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) and go to the *Console*.
        2. Create new bucket (default setup will be okay).
        3. Go to *APIs & Services > Credentials* and make new service account key.
        4. Choose json key type, create and download it to your machine.
        5. Run 
            ```bash
            export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="[PATH]”
            ```
            where `[PATH]` is path to json file (e.g. `/home/user/Downloads/[FILE_NAME].json`)
        6. Make sure you have optional DVC deoendencies for Google Cloud Storage:
            ```bash
            pip install dvc[gs]
            ```
        7. Add Google Cloud bucket as your remote storage to the DVC:
            ```bash
            dvc remote add -d gs gs://yourbucket
            # your bucket url you can find in *Bucket details > Overview*
            # by clicking on your bucket
            ```

3. Part of our project use data from this [repo](https://github.com/RossiyaSegodnya/ria_news_dataset). To keep the data always fresh we will import it to our project using *import-url* command:
    ```bash
    dvc import-url https://github.com/RossiyaSegodnya/ria_news_dataset/raw/master/ria.json.gz
    ```

4. To add other data to DVC project run following command:
    ```bash
    dvc add data/data.xml
    # git add data/.gitignore data/data.xml.dvc
    # git commit -m "Add raw data to project"
